<h1><center>The official CMS website<center></h1>

<h3> One on One Tutorials</h3>

Pagesprouts Custom Development is proud to be able to offer One on One tutorials for all or our website clients. Due to the fact that all of our source code is original and not developed with the use of any third party applications such as 'WordPress', the learning curve involved in making changes or adding content to your website may look slightly different. Please take note that we didn't use the word "difficult".

We promise that altering the source code in your website in order to make changes is not as scary as it may seem. To demonstrate we are confident that you will agree we are offering these services free of charge for all of our clients. Listed below are tutorials we are currently providing.

    HTML5 Markup
    CSS3 Style Sheets
    JavaScript
    Web Forms (PHP & Python)
    JSON Structured Data

We are always more then happy to make any necessary changes to your website you may require. The tutorials we are offering above are for those who want to get their hands dirty and have full control. Either way we are always just a call, text, or email away.
Server Alterations & Updates

When your are configuring your website you will often need to edit a file or files on a server. There are many ways to accomplish this. You can sign into your cPanel account and utilize the file manager located there, or make the necessary changes in a text editor such as notepad then upload them onto the server.

If your website is not rendering correctly and you think you may have made a mistake uploading these files, please let us know if you require assistance. We would be more then happy to take a look and attempt to find and solve the problem.
Trouble Shooting

Even with seemingly unlimited resources on the Internet available for trouble shooting technical problems, it can still be difficult to find a working efficient solution. If your having issues with your web page loading correctly, unable to make content changes, or need assistance in setting up a website email, please do not hesitate to give us a call or send us a message. We will do our best to get back to you as soon as we can. 
